Bobby yes it is Kentucky Derby time what
do they drink of the Derby mint julep
it's julep this related the perfect mint
julep by the way during the Kentucky
Derby some places sell this drink for a
thousand dollars the glass they get mint
from Ireland eyes from the vine ox and
sugar for Australia $1,000 glass all I'm
saying is that better coming up oh good
so first we create our mint extract so
you're gonna grab about 10min leaves and
put them in a small bowl we muddle the
Leafs
to get the juice stuff oh wow that's
beautiful wedding yes move now we add a
cup of bourbon in this simple syrup okay
I want you to squeeze that on yeah just
like that
that's what you say oh you can do so
dirty
that's getting up remember our mint
extract okay this is where this comes in
take a spoon of it and you add in
started basically what you're doing is
smelling it and taste and adjust to see
how minty it is okay I mean we need more
mint in there so I can put in all of it
mm-hmm okay I want you have the right
mix then you seal this up and you put
this in the fridge for 24 hours so this
is one we did yesterday smell it you can
smell the mint oh yeah yeah okay it's
been sitting and it's good to go
this drink is served with crushed ice
okay guys
okay put an event spray wing
compassionate lights on top nice nice
that's good dummy and they love it the
perfect mint julep
you confuse right cuz whiskey to drink
it's not but that is strong did I get
mmm I like that kind of sweet let's get
ready strong for me but would you
connect to sweetness right yeah you can
that goes down a whole lot smoother for
a non whiskey drinker than just doing
regular whiskey it's good stuff as you
do this show more mm-hmm
you can develop more per taste for it
good I'm not saying turn girls into
alcoholics I'm just saying I help it to
go down turns about guys
I help it they go down easy okay when
you put your that you could not even
looking at yours check out some more of
our videos and find us on Instagram
Facebook and Twitter